Reading the Code & Remarks on Performance
=========================================

Read through `linebreak.js` and babelified it.
  * I use destructuring and default parameters to replace procedurally
    unpacking the `options` object with declarative syntax.
  * I use block scoped variables to move declarations closer to usage.
  * I use the `**` operator in place of `Math.pow`.

Resisted the urge to change glue/box/penalty and breakpoint into
constructor functions. This would allow `node instanceof Glue` and make
it totally clear where allocations are happening, however object
literals are lighter weight -- the VM doesn't have to allocate a
prototype, making object literal allocation [faster](http://jsperf.com/object-literal-vs-custom-constructor/3).
I did permit myself to change from string comparison (`if (node.type === 'box')`)
to property access (`if (node.Box)`) for a [micro-optimization](http://jsperf.com/instanceof-vs-property-access/4).

It currently takes ≈450ms to render Flatland on my 1.8Ghz i7-2677M
(GeekBench 2300).

         | Total   | From `document.ready()` | linebreak()
---------|---------|-------------------------|-------------------
         | 480     | 256                     | 12.4
         | (528)   | (304)                   | 13.3
         | 445     | (213)                   | 11.4
         | (401)   | 228                     | (15.3)
         | 495     | 227                     | 10.6
         | 407     | 218                     | 10.0
         | 435     | 250                     | (9.95)
**Mean** | **452** | **236**                 | **11.5**

This is both encouraging and discouraging to me. A render time of 236ms
implies 4.2fps, which is not a terrible starting point. 11.5ms spent in
the algorithm is scary, however, since it is already heavily optimized
and we only have ~16ms per frame if we want to hit 60fps. The only
further optimizations I can think of are

  * Multithreading with Web Workers
  * Use an object pool for the activeNodes doubly linked list.
  * Hoist the allocation of the array-of-four-objects `candidates` to
    wide scope and clean it at the top of the loop.
  * Make the start-of-breakpoint object a singleton instead of an allocation.
  * Inline `mainLoop()`, `computeCost()` and `computeSum()`.
  * Write into "nodes" as an out parameter instead of allocating breaks.